{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green2\blue7;\red29\green184\blue14;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c14913\c0;\cssrgb\c7059\c75294\c5490;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22040\viewh15260\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
- The multi objective problem isn't explicitly formulated, which makes it tough to understand. What are the constraints on the problem?\
+ Add constraints of the problem\cf4 \
\
- The ElecSim model is  at the core of the  simulation work, but is not explained in enough detail to make sense. How does the carbon tax incentivize the participation of renewable energy? How do loads react to the changed price?\
+ Answer these questions\
\
\
- The modeling of generator's response to taxes seems simplistic and is not validated with real data. Further, there is no comparison with existing carbon tax formulations. Taxation is a notoriously complex subject with uncertain reactions by people, and that complex nature either needs to be incorporated, or it needs to be argued why simple linear models might work. Also, the response of gencos to the tax isn't adequately explained either.\
+ Cite paper for validation and explain how it was done.\
\
- Though the authors have nicely articulated the problem statement, at the same time, they have oversimplified the formulation by limiting the parameter set to carbon price every year. \
+ Answer this question\
\
- I am a little bit surprised by the fact that the authors didn't compare their approach with existing state-of-the-art policies. \
\
\
- The literature survey is also not quite comprehensive. However, given the context and the scope of this study, I am okay with a weak accept.\
}